## Yarvin for beginners

But let’s get to Yarvin’s “thought” or what constitutes the core of his ideas and why he became so popular on the Internet, or at least one of the most relevant voices on the right side of the Internet. This category also includes, of course, [Nick Land](https://www.421.news/en/nick-land-the-apostle-of-chaos/) (more for his trajectory than for being online) and Costin Alamariu AKA [Bronze Age Pervert](https://x.com/bronzeagemantis?ref=421.news). We’ll eventually dedicate a text to him as well, given that he is the last reference of purely rightist thought on the Internet with esoteric overtones or, rather, with reminiscences of the tragic poet Yukio Mishima. Telluric nationalism or, well, right-wing Nietzscheanism. Yes, it’s all a big internal struggle among Nietzsche followers, but that’s a topic for another article.

We can add some more marginal figures like the very Varg Vikernes or the Breivik line, but we’re talking about much more marginal cases. In Breivik's case, perhaps his greatest triumph was the popularization of the great replacement theory and all the variants that exist today on the subject.

But let’s get back to the topic. To delve into Yarvin’s “classic” thought, we will rely on three of his texts: “A Gentle Introduction to Unqualified Reservations,” “Patchwork,” and “An Open Letter to Open-Minded Progressives.” All the bibliography is in English. Additionally, we could read “How Dawkins Got Pwned,” where he elaborates more on the idea of memeplex and a certain variety of contemporary atheistic culture as a variable of classical American dispensationalism, but I never finished reading it completely and it seems more tangential, although it’s a good book too... Well, fun.

The key is this: Yarvin is a fun guy to read. He has good analogies, he has witty remarks, he’s quite funny, and the reading is enjoyable despite the things he proposes. It’s clearly a [blog language](https://www.421.news/en/mcluhan-grammar-ai/), but with different levels of thematic depth. And also of repetition... Something that happens to me when I read his books is that they always seem like the same book. While I was rereading his texts this summer in a tent at Playa Grande in Mar del Plata, I occasionally cursed the air when I had to read the same idea for the umpteenth time. It’s like a stone that slowly but steadily bores into the same thing. The three books could be one if, instead of being a compilation of blog posts, they had been a systematic search to organize the author's thought.

But, well, enough of the preliminaries, let’s get to the point.

